where am i hey listen this week we're
making anatomical heart Valentines let's
get a few minute in here
still I love this little card so much
first you need to find your image online
unless you're really good at drawing and
topical hearts the image I found comes
from the graphics fairy love that name
save it to your desktop and open it with
preview select the print option and for
you then set it to print two images per
page setting the scale at 50% so they
both fit on there print it out then take
it over to your craft table and cut the
page in half then take out a piece of
cardstock and fold that in half fold it
the other way and back again then run a
hard object along that seam to really
make that fold a foot place your image
on top and use a straight edge and a
cutter to cut the cardstock to fit the
area of your heart you can use that
other piece of cardstock you cut off for
another card project next cover your
workspace and spray some spray adhesive
onto the back of your image you don't
have spray adhesive a glue stick would
probably work just fine press the image
onto the front side of your cardstock
making sure to align the side of the
image with the fold of the card cut off
the sticky overhang pieces then take
your time cutting along the outline of
the image
I find it helps to turn the image as you
cut getting into the turns all the way
with your scissors keeping them open as
you turn and cutting when the scissors
are in the direction of where you want
to cut does that make sense
you really want to make sure not to cut
the part of the fold that connects the
front of the card to the back of the car
where the image meets the fold
next use some rubber stamps to add a
clever message if you don't have any
rubber stamps just write it on there my
favorites are I'm open on the inside or
you are here on the outside I also use
that heart template to create a garland
just attach the images two different
colors of cardstock make some holes with
the hole puncher and string them up on a
thin piece of yarn and you have a
garland that's neato from both sides hey
thanks for watching and be sure to
subscribe
oh and don't freak